Computer Science Journal publishes papers that have not been published before and have not been submitted  before or in parallel elsewhere. Authors submitting to the Computer Science Journal take the obligation of  acting in conformity with this condition.
Authors state, that they have full copyright and property rights to this work. At the same time Authors  guarantee that the work does not infringe copyright, trademark, patent or other third party's property  rights.
The Authors oblige themselves to reimburse AGH University of Science and Technology Press in Krakow for  any expenses and compensate any financial losses resulting from the third party's claims if it appeared that any  of declarations 1 or 2 are untrue.
The Authors retain the intellectual property rights associated with the paper published in the Journal, but all the  respective material rights pass on to the Publisher of the Computer Science Journal, that is: AGH University of Science and Technology Press, Al. Mickiewicza 30, 30-059 Krakow, Poland.
The above includes the right of the Publisher to  publish and disseminate the paper in any form available at the  date the present document is signed or in the future, with full acknowledgement of the authorship and  integrity of the work, represented by the paper.
In particular, the Publisher may, in order to assure the widest possible audience for the work published in the Computer Science Journal, make the work included in  the databases serving the purpose of worldwide  dissemination. Likewise, the Publisher shall make the appropriate information on the work available to  abstracting, indexing and archiving services of its  choice.
In special cases, and upon explicit request from  the authors, the above point may be made void, or the scope of  making the paper available to the disseminating services made explicit through a separate agreement.
The Authors have right to store the work, duplicate it in printing (as well as in the form of a digital recording),  to make it available in the digital form, on the Internet and putting into circulation multiplied copies of the  work worldwide. However, in case the authors have made the text of the paper public in any way prior to  submission to the Journal, without contravening the  conditions of point 1 above, like by making it available  through a website, at the instance of publication with the Journal this way of making the work public  ought to be fully replaced by the pdf copy of the paper as published in the Journal.
The submitted papers are subject to the peer review procedure, in which they are evaluated by anonymous  independent reviewers. It is assumed that two reviews be prepared per paper. On the basis of reviews decisions  are made by the Editors, along with potential indicewed. The  final decisions on publication or rejection are also made by the Editors on the basis of reviews obtained.
The authors obtain one copy of the volume, in which the paper appeared, free of charge. Any additional copies  of the volume, can be purchased from the Publisher.
The authors attach the filled-out Appendix and state, that the information provided there (regarding financial disclosure and co-authors contributions) is true.